
# Sales_project

# ABOUT

This project is around Antliq hardware, a company that supplies computer hardware, hardware peripherals to different clients which is facing challenges in an dynamically changing market..
Antliq hardware has  HQ in Delhi with several regional offices.

The goal of this case study is to analyze the business task of reducing sales so the sales director decides to invest in data analysis project and he would like to build power BI dashboard that can give him real time sales insights, 
following through all steps of the data analysis process: ask, prepare, process, analyze, share, and act.

The main stakeholder is the Antliq hardware sales team director Bhawin Patel.

# ASK

Data Credibility (ROCCC)

Reliability- This dataset only contains sales users. The sample size represent the population,demographic and all customers therefore there are no chances of bias.

Original- The datasets come from internal server information, maintained by company's data engineers. Therefore, the originality of the datasets are high.

Comprehensive- The data include explanation for each variable and are mostly self explanatory. Therefore, the comprehensiveness of the dataset cannot be questioned.

Current- These datasets  was collected till 2020. Therefore, the dataset is current.

Cited- These datasets are generated by data engineers from company's central warehouse. Therefore, the data source is considered properly cited.

# PREPARE
The sales  director has provide us with sales data and to explore it and get preliminary insight from it using Mysql.

We need to get following insights from the analysis-

1 Revenue breakdown by cities
2 Revenue breakdown by year and months
3 top 5 customers
4 top 5 products
5 viz in tableau

# PROCESS & ANALYSIS

The data process and analysis is done on Tableau public where all the insights are formed and a dashboard is prepared according to it.

 # ACT
On studying the viz we come to conclusion that the sales of Atiq is declining YOY basis.

